Dad, we're back.
Oops, you just came by the wind, come and go, go and go
After our preliminary preparation with Mr. Gao
Now the construction plan for the land in Xi'an has been finalized
Come and see me
Well, I think it's great.
Centered around the campus district in the city
Make our own home base
To establish our own supremacy
Then radiate to other surrounding areas
According to this plan
We probably need more than 6 billion
6 billion
But now.
We Xu Group
Only 1.3 billion can be funded
Do you dare to make such a large sum of money?
So be it.
I will recommend a new way to play for you.
How to play?
Before we built the house.
You can pay part of the advance payment in advance.
The rest let the urban construction party cushion
Wait until it's built
Acceptance and customs clearance before payment
At this time?
Our money is almost ruining us
Oh, that's a good idea.
Of course, yeah.
In the last life, this was a common way to play real estate
Now don't blame me for using it early
But
Our funds are not before the house is built
Isn't that enough?
Don't worry, in fact, before the house is built
We can do pre-sale and pre-sale first.